fix(docs) Resolve 196 mdx lint warnings for just, quickly, actually, PostgreSQL (#47358)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/ai/vector-columns.mdx

);
```

> In the SQL snippet above, we create a documents table with an embedding column. This is a standard Postgres column, so you can name it anything you like. The embedding column uses the vector data type with 384 dimensions. Change this number to match the dimensions your embedding model produces. For example, if you're [generating embeddings](/docs/guides/ai/quickstarts/generate-text-embeddings) using the open source [gte-small](https://huggingface.co/Supabase/gte-small) model, set this to 384.

Author: ```suggestion
In the SQL snippet above, we create a `documents` table with an `embedding` column. This is a standard Postgres column, so you can name it anything you like. The `embedding` column uses the `vector` data type with 384 dimensions. Change this number to match the dimensions your embedding model produces. For example, if you're [generating embeddings](/docs/guides/ai/quickstarts/generate-text-embeddings) using the open source [`gte-small`](https://huggingface.co/Supabase/gte-small) model, set this to 384.
```

> In the above SQL snippet, we create a `documents` table with a column called `embedding` (note this is a regular Postgres column - you can name it whatever you like). We give the `embedding` column a `vector` data type with 384 dimensions. Change this to the number of dimensions produced by your embedding model. For example, if you are [generating embeddings](/docs/guides/ai/quickstarts/generate-text-embeddings) using the open source [`gte-small`](https://huggingface.co/Supabase/gte-small) model, you would set this number to 384 since that model produces 384 dimensions.

Author: ```suggestion
In the SQL snippet above, we create a documents table with an embedding column. This is a standard Postgres column, so you can name it anything you like. The embedding column uses the vector data type with 384 dimensions. Change this number to match the dimensions your embedding model produces. For example, if you're [generating embeddings](/docs/guides/ai/quickstarts/generate-text-embeddings) using the open source [gte-small](https://huggingface.co/Supabase/gte-small) model, set this to 384.
```
